setquota, cvfsck: add page (#9418)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/cvfsck.md

# cvfsck

> Check and Recover a Xsan Volume.

> > More information: <https://www.unix.com/man-page/osx/1/cvfsck/>.

Reviewer: This looks like a macOS command, not for Linux.

- Scan directories for name collisions that would occur on a case-insensitive filesystem:

`cvfsck -A`

> - Provide a specific path to a configuration file that is to be used, overriding the implicit location:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Provide a specific path to a configuration file to be used for overriding the implicit location:
```
I guess think would be better.

> `cvfsck -c {{pathname}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cvfsck -c {{path/to/configuration_file}}`
```
I think this would be better

> - Internal debug use to dump a significant amount of data to the standard output device:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Dump a significant amount of data to the standard output device (Internal debug use):
```
